.\" esekeyd.1 --
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2006 Krzysztof Burghardt
.\"
.TH esekeyd 1 "21 Feb 2006" "Linux Utilities" "Linux Manual"
.SH NAME
esekeyd \- ESE Key Daemon is a multimedia keyboard driver for Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "esekeyd config_file_name [input_device_name] [pidfile_name]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B esekeyd
ESE Key Daemon is a multimedia keyboard driver for Linux.
With the 2.6 kernel series it can also handle remote controls,
as they are presented as keyboards. No kernel patch is required.
It is a userspace program that pools /dev/input/event?
interfaces for incoming keyboard key presses.
.SS
Features:
.HP
- No kernel patch need,
.HP
- Supports keyboards, mices and remote controls,
.SH OPTIONS
Options:
.TP
.B config_file_name
location of esekeyd config file
.TP
.B input_device_name
input (event) device; if given turns off autodetection of 1st keyboard device
.TP
.B pidfile_name
location of esekeyd pidfile; default is /var/run/esekeyd.pid
.SH FILES
.HP
.I /usr/sbin/esekeyd
- main binary (daemon)
.HP
.I /usr/bin/keytest
- program that reports names of pressed keys
.HP
.I /usr/bin/learnkeys
- config file generator
.HP
.I /usr/man/man1/{esekeyd,keytest,learnkeys}.1(.gz)
- manual pages
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR keytest (1),
.BR learnkeys (1)
.SH BUGS
See the file TODO in the distribution for information on what
remains to be done.
.PP
If you want to report a problem with the program, please send mail to
this address: <krzysztof@burghardt.pl>.
.PP
Provide a detailed description of the bug, the version of the program
you are running (run esekeyd without any parameters to display this information),
the operating system you are running the program on and
if the program crashes, I would appreciate a stack trace.
.SH AUTHOR
This program was written by Krzysztof Burghardt
<krzysztof@burghardt.pl> and may be freely
distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
There is ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY for this program.
